README.md, before:

# bootstrap3-headstart
Bootstrap 3 Headstart

Based on 'Learn Responsive Web Development from Scratch' at https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/content

#Getting Started with Bootstrap

Bootstrap 3 is using a methodology called 'Mobile First'.

See http://getbootstrap.com

Bootstrap 3 is all about ***responsive layouts***. This allows sites and applications to be viewed on just about any device and not have to sacrifice quality.

This is done with media queries and fluid layouts.

Bootstrap uses LESS to compile CSS.

##BS3_001: Bootstrap 3 template

##BS3_002: Clean & Clear template

##BS3_003: Clean & Clear template with Navbar

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770240

##BS3_004: Clean & Clear template with Jumbotron

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770244

##BS3_005: Clean & Clear template with Rows, Grids & Media Objects

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770246

##BS3_006: Clean & Clear template with List Groups & Glyphicons

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770248

...

##BS3_009: Clean & Clear template with Carousel & Collapse (i.e. Accordion)

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770262

Commit message:

Add Forms Tooltips and Popovers

README.md, after:

# bootstrap3-headstart
Bootstrap 3 Headstart

Based on 'Learn Responsive Web Development from Scratch' at https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/content

#Getting Started with Bootstrap

Bootstrap 3 is using a methodology called 'Mobile First'.

See http://getbootstrap.com

Bootstrap 3 is all about ***responsive layouts***. This allows sites and applications to be viewed on just about any device and not have to sacrifice quality.

This is done with media queries and fluid layouts.

Bootstrap uses LESS to compile CSS.

##BS3_001: Bootstrap 3 template

##BS3_002: Clean & Clear template

##BS3_003: Clean & Clear template with Navbar

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770240

##BS3_004: Clean & Clear template with Jumbotron

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770244

##BS3_005: Clean & Clear template with Rows, Grids & Media Objects

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770246

##BS3_006: Clean & Clear template with List Groups & Glyphicons

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770248

##BS3_007: Clean & Clear template with Forms, Tooltips and Popovers

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770250

...

##BS3_009: Clean & Clear template with Carousel & Collapse (i.e. Accordion)

See https://www.udemy.com/learn-responsive-web-development-from-scratch/learn/v4/t/lecture/770262
